# SpaceShooter

A simple shooter game

A long time ago I wanted to create a spaceship shooter game, and have lots of bosses that operated using multiple parts. But at the time I couldn't figure out how to manage it. I decided to give it a try again, this time focusing on controlling each part individually.

[Dragon image](./Results.png)

Here's the process I used to create this

1.  Create the body image, then make additions for creating the head image
2.  Create the head GameObject. Get it to move around the map, in a winding pattern. I stuck with a very basic routine, constantly moving forward while turning left for a time, then turning right for a shorter time.
3.  Create the body GameObject. This object shouldn't exist at the start of the game - it gets generated by the head - so it needs to be a prefab. I couldn't find a lot of specific information on specifically how to do that. But all you have to do is: create the GameObject in your scene first, then drag it from your scene's heiarchy into your assets section. Voila! Now you can delete it from the scene, but you can still use it.
4.  Have the head object instantiate body objects when it loads. Instantiating objects gives us a GameObject, but not the script class instance that controls it. To access that, you need to use `MyScriptName bodyPiece = instantiatedObject.GetComponent<MyScriptName>();` Once you have that, you can set variables as needed.
5.  Have the body objects replicate themselves based on a count value passed to each one. Once I knew how to instantiate objects, this was simple.
6.  Have the body objects follow their assigned target. Since we're only following a GameObject, it didn't care if this was a head or another body segment. This amounted to turning the piece toward its target, then checking distance. If it's over 0.7, move it in that direction by distance - 0.7. Since none of this had physics rigidbodies attached, I could place things however needed.
